Aidan Blant, Midway City, CA 080417.001
 
I am on Warm Showers,  which is a hosting site for cycling, Nick, hey do you want to host my friend who is a  happiness walker and she is walking around, that was like two or three months ago, but um, yes, then I met Paula,
Paula:  thank you for hosting someone who is walking and not cycling
Aidan:  I actually like walking better than cycling, I don't think there is a hosting site for walking I lived in Silver City , which is where a lot of people start hiking the Great Divides Trail,  we should start a hosting site
P:  what matter most in life?
Aidan:  being patient and loving towards other people and trying to do good in the world and trying to be the best person that you can be
P: so on a daily basis how do you show your expression of love
A:  I try and be nice and patient, but I dont' always succeed.
P:  so what would be different in the world if everyone were like this?
A:  If everyone was like that , everyone would be happy and living more peacefully.  I think it is good to sometimes express your anger and honor feeling upset too. I think the key is connection and I think that in our modern society are disconnected and we feel that and it hurts, . People want to feel that connection to other people, community,  family, earth, animals, plants I think that if we work on seeking out those connections and foster them and nurture them, I think that is the key to getting through what is happening and everyone living more peacefully together.
Like getting together with community, going out in your garden and connecting to plants, connecting to animals, al lot of people do that, I think that is the main big point that I see. And to become a better person and I was definitely a worse person before.  I am trying to become better, I used to be a lot more controlling and inpatient and sometimes depressed.;  I want to be home and be patient and loving and try to be a good person and in terms of the idea of connection.  I was really influenced by Joanna Macy, she is this amazing  Buddhist environmental activist, 5 years  ago, I had no idea what I was getting into,  I went to this workshop and it was totally life changing and she is really , really a cool lady.  Well she is all about healing our world, all the different ways we can do   that, she conceptualizes how things are going in this world, all the different ways things are going in our world, she calls it the great turning, a lot things are going south right now, environmental destruction, war, our planet is getting a lot taken from it, "the great turning" is the shift from this unsustainable world to a sustainable world where we use our technology for good, and for creating a world , like you were saying, where the world is healthier and happier. There are different steps, as individuals, one of things that really stuck with me, she Is all about honoring our pain for this world, I think that is really important,  and societies a lot say it is not ok to express that, and people kind of suppress, it, she talks about how things that are perceived as negative, like negative emotions, have a flip side that is positive like anger, flip is passion for justice,  like sadness, flip side is compassion, and talked about how emotions and the flip side and honoring our pain, and people shared about things in the world that gave them pain, that was so powerful and I was connecting deeply with others, and how we can make world better in a healthy way.
And another aspect, it is not just direct activism that is important, but there are so many different things that are important for this great turning shift, like someone in charge of recycling for their town, She has books.

